Add python tutorial (#58)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: docs/api/sdk/python/tutorial.md

# Getting started

In this tutorial we will demonstrate how to:

1. Connect to the zkSync network.
1. Deposit assets from Ethereum into zkSync.
1. Make transfers.
1. Withdraw funds back to Ethereum mainnet.

## Installation

ZkSyncSDK can be installed (preferably in a virtualenv) using pip as follows:

```
$ pip install git+https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync-python.git 
```

> Unfortunately, currently, SDK is not published on <pip>, thus install the dependency through the repository is

Reviewer: The angle brackets make words look like HTML tags to markdown, so they are not displayed
```suggestion
Unfortunately, currently, SDK is not published on PyPI, thus installation through the git repository is
```

the only option.

## Setup crypto library
For using this library:
 1. You have to download zksync-crypto-library from <https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync-crypto-c/releases>
 2. Set env variable `ZK_SYNC_LIBRARY_PATH` with a path to the downloaded library 

## Initialize crypto library
```
from zksync_sdk import ZkSyncLibrary

lib = ZkSyncLibrary()

> ```

Reviewer: Probably should mark all code blocks as `python`, for proper syntax highlighting

Depositing requires `Wallet` object to be created with access to the Ethereum signer.

We are going to deposit `1.0 USDT` to our zkSync account.

```python
# Find token for depositing
token = await wallet.resolve_token("USDT")
# Approve Enough deposit using token contract 
await wallet.ethereum_provider.approve_deposit(token, Decimal(1))

# Deposit money from contract to our address
res = await wallet.ethereum_provider.deposit(token, Decimal(1),
                                             account.address)
```

You don't need to approve a deposit to transfer ETH.

## Unlocking zkSync account

To control assets in zkSync network, an account must register a separate public key once.

```python
if not await wallet.is_signing_key_set():
    await wallet.set_signing_key("ETH", eth_auth_data=ChangePubKeyEcdsa())
```

## Checking zkSync account balance

```python

# Committed state is not final yet
committedETHBalance = await wallet.get_balance("ETH", "committed")

# Verified state is final
verifiedETHBalance = await wallet.get_balance("ETH", "verified")
```

To list all tokens of this account at once, use `account_info`:

```python
account_state = await wallet.get_account_state()

> committed_eth_balance = account_state.committed.balances.get("ETH")
> verified_dai_balance = account_state.balance.balances.get("DAI")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
committed_eth_balance = account_state.committed.balances.get("ETH")
verified_dai_balance = account_state.verified.balances.get("DAI")
```

```

## Making a transfer in zkSync

For making transfer to another account you just need to set receiver amount and token 
```python
tr = await wallet.transfer("0x21dDF51966f2A66D03998B0956fe59da1b3a179F",
                           amount=Decimal("0.01"), token="USDC")

```

> For better controlling, you can optionally provide `nonce` and `fee`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want more control over the transaction, you can optionally provide `nonce` and `fee`
```
